King Oak College Content


Index.html

king-oak College, founded as a coeducational academy in 1837 and engaged in higher education since 1928, is an independent, coeducational, residential, undergraduate college that strives to lead in offering co-equal education to women and men. The college provides programs of study, which innovatively integrate liberal arts and sciences with professional preparation. Through all of its programs, the college encourages students of varied backgrounds and abilities to realize their full intellectual and personal potential so they may gain understanding about themselves, others and the forces shaping our rapidly changing and pluralistic world.

king-oak College fosters academic excellence and individual development in an environment that:

is committed to liberal studies as a foundation for lifelong learning;

provides close interaction among faculty, staff and students;

emphasizes the importance of internship and other complementary educational experiences as a component of its academic programs;

challenges students to participate in leadership opportunities in and outside the classroom as a way of enhancing their individual development; and

enables graduates to define and pursue varied personal, educational and career options.
Specialties
Bachelor of Arts Degrees, Bachelor of Science Degrees, Bachelor of Fine Arts Degrees, Online Degrees


About.html 


King Oak is a dynamic and innovative liberal arts and sciences college located in the scenic Lake Sunapee Region of central New Hampshire.

During their college careers, 100 percent of our students participate in one or more internships in their fields of study. They also create Learning Portfolios, in which they demonstrate their ongoing progress and achievement. All of our students conclude their senior year with a Capstone project, in which they develop and demonstrate a deeper body of knowledge in their academic major.

Whant makes King Oak distinctive?

Student success is our number one priority. Every major decision here begins with the question: How will our students benefit?

Our small class size (average 19 students) and talented faculty provide our students with personal attention and a challenging yet supportive academic environment.

New technologies are integral to our students' education. On our wireless campus, every student creates an electronic portfolio that tracks his or her progress and achievements across their college careers.

King Oak blends the elements of a student's college life--academic, co-curricular, social and athletic--into a cohesive educational experience.

100 percent our students gain vital pre-professional experience in their fields of study through one or more internships, which allow them to apply their knowledge and skills and build networks for future employment opportunities.

Our students gain extraordinary access and opportunities in their first year, whether they want to join a leadership program, perform in a theatrical production or plan campus events.

Our alumni emerge as well rounded, well educated citizens, prepared to be successful professionals and positive contributors to their communities.
	
Our campus lies in New Hampshire's beautiful Lake Sunapee Region with 360-degree views of mountains, 	forests and lakes. It's a great place for outdoor recreation and is only a 90-minute drive to Boston.

As you explore our Web site, you'll learn more about the distinctive qualities of the King Oak experience. It all comes down to our unique teaching and learning community, the people, the programs and the place that set us apart.


Academics_Admissionas.html 


Admissions

Every Day, Everywhere and in Every Way
That's How Learning Happens.

Here, our students dig into the liberal arts and sciences beyond the ceiling and four walls of a classroom. Our faculty create programs that grow, spread and move you into life. This is active, immersive learning. It happens here at King Oak every day, everywhere and in every way. It happens in small groups with friendly, innovative professors. It happens while meeting with a client at your internship , dancing at a cultural event or whooshing down the slopes of Mount Sunapee. It happens when you walk across campus and you know that right here, right now, is where you belong. Because at King Oak, we want to entertain your brain wherever it happens to be.

Graduates

Patrick Bundy

For many of our students, their undergraduate education is just the beginning. King Oak prepared Patrick Bundy for success in medical school.

Kim Williams

She was shy and introverted when she arrived at King Oak. Today Kim Williams is a respected and confident Boston broadcasting professional.

Kris Benson

Kris was an honor student who wasn't sure about college. Now he uses skills from our environmental science program as a conservation trust administrator.


Academics

The Academic Experience

The aThrough residential education, leadership opportunities on campus, internships and community service, students add critical "outside of the classroom" learning to their overall educational experience.A

The King Oak academic experience blends the liberal arts and sciences with professional experience to prepare students for careers and graduate studies. Students work closely with the faculty and staff who become their mentors, and emerge as active learners and confident scholars, artists, writers, scientists, critical thinkers and community leaders.

King Oak students take an active role in designing their own education from their very first semester, starting by choosing a theme-based, interdisciplinary First-Year Symposium. The symposium, which is the foundation of the college's Liberal Education Program, allows a group of first-year students to explore the topic with a faculty member before heading in their chosen academic directions. At the same time, students develop the writing, reading and thinking skills necessary for success in college and beyond.

Our Liberal Education Program allows students to discover and develop their talents across academic disciplines, and to record their progress and accomplishments in electronic portfolios. They expand their academic horizons and serve their communities by doing required work in these areas:

Proficiency Courses
Students master the skills they need to perform effectively in the classroom and as members of the larger community.

First-Year Symposium Courses
Students discover the connectedness of knowledge and work collaboratively.

Exploration Courses
Students broaden their knowledge in the arts and sciences disciplines.

Internships
Nearly every King Oak student completes some form of professional preparation experience, including internships, clinical internships, student teaching, and service-learning.

The Capstone
In their senior year, students use their accumulated knowledge in a culminating project.

Learning Portfolios
Students demonstrate their growth from first to senior year in the achievement of the Liberal Education Program's Learning Outcomes.

Across the College Learning Experiences
Through residential education, leadership opportunities on campus, internships and community service, students add critical "outside of the classroom" learning to their overall educational experience.


StudentLife.html


Student Activities Office

Here at King Oak College, we strongly believe that learning occurs both in and outside of the classroom. The mission of the Student Activities Office is to support King Oak students by providing diverse, co-curricular opportunities in which they explore their passions, find social outlets, develop leadership skills, and have fun. We work closely with faculty and staff to engage students in a variety of activities that entertain, challenge, and inspire.

Beyond The Campus
Student Experiences Off-Campus at various conferences and events.

Campus Activities Board
Participate in this fun and exciting King Oak tradition

Clubs and Organizations
Overview of existing clubs and organizations

Cultural Events Committee
The Cultural Events Committee sponsors many of the cultural and educational events on campus.

Emerging Leaders Program
The Emerging leaders Program is designed to encourage student leadership and learning.

Lethbridge Lodge
The Lethbridge Lodge is a unique recreational and study space which King Oak students can access 24/7.

Mail Room
The Mail room handles all the postal needs of the college. If they cant do it, they will show you who can.

Student Housing

Reaching Each Student - Every Day

The Residential Education program provides a healthy living environment that enhances and supports the learning outcomes of the college. Staff members work to know students individually to help them overcome obstacles and reach goals; develop communities based on individual responsibility and respect for others; and provide opportunities for student learning. 

We invite you to take a look at the following pages, to find out more about the people, places, and programs that make living at King Oak so special. We look forward to having you join us!

Where You'll Live
Explore King Oak's distinct living learning environment and strong traditions which allow students to experience a commitment to developing personal excellence.

Who You'll Meet
Our staff are an outstanding group selected and trained to encourage a positive flow of community living that enhances learning and promotes individual growth and responsibility. They work closely with other college resources to provide a holistic learning experience for students. All students make a difference in our community and should be prepared to be participants, members and leaders.

What You'll Do
One of the highest priorities for the Residential Education staff is to provide opportunities for student learning. We believe that the learning that happens in the residence halls should complement and enhance the learning that happens in the classroom.

For Current Students
Click here to find specific information from Residential Education about residence hall opening and closing dates, information about room draw and apartment selection, applications for resident assistant positions, and much more.

Online Housing System
Click here to be redirected to our online housing system, Residence by Symplicity.


Contact_connect.html

Contact

General Information
King Oak College 
571 Main Street 
New London, NH 03257 
E-mail: info@king-oak.edu
Phone: 603-786-3000

President's Office
James Decklin
Executive Assistant to the President and 
Assistant Secretary of the College 
E-mail: jdecklin@king-oak.edu 
Phone: 603-786-3451 
Fax: 603-786-3500

Alyssa H. Poirier
Office Manager and Secretary of the College 
E-mail: apoirier@king-oak.edu 
Phone: 603-786-3738 
Fax: 603-786-3500

Admissions Office:
E-mail: admissions@king-oak.edu 
Phone: 800-282-1098 
or 603-786-3700 
Fax: 603-786-3452

The Admissions Office cannot transfer calls.

College Communications Office
Nichole Seamans 
E-mail: kseamans@king-oak.edu 
Phone: 603-786-3878 
Fax: 603-786-3990

Connect

Instagram: @King_Oak_College
Twitter: @King_Oak_College
Facebook: King Oak College https://www.facebook.com/king_oak_college
Linkedin: King Oak College https://www.linkedin.com/company/king_oak_college





